Ipc spec update (#290)
dotnet/diagnostics: documentation/design-docs/ipc-protocol.md

Command Code: `0x0101`

The `CreateCoreDump` command is used to instruct the runtime to generate a core dump of the process.  The command will keep the connection open while the dump is generated and then response with a message containing an `HRESULT` indicating success or failure.

In the event of an [error](#Errors), the runtime will attempt to send an error message and subsequently close the connection.

#### Inputs:

Header: `{ Magic; Size; 0x0101; 0x0000 }`

* `string dumpName`: The name of the dump generated.
* `uint dumpType`: A value between 1 and 4 inclusive that indicates the type of dump to take
  * Normal = 1,
  * WithHeap = 2,
  * Triage = 3,
  * Full = 4
* `uint diagnostics`: The providers to turn on for the streaming session
  * `0` or `1` for on or off

#### Returns (as an IPC Message Payload):

Header: `{ Magic; 28; 0xFF00; 0x0000; }`

`CreateCoreDump` returns:
* `int32 hresult`: The result of creating the core dump (`0` indicates success)

##### Details:

Input:
```
Payload
{
    string dumpName,
    uint dumpType,
    uint diagnostics
}
```

Returns:
```c
Payload
{
    int32 hresult
}
```

## Profiler Commands

### `AttachProfiler`

Command Code: `0x0301`

> The `AttachProfiler` command is used to attach a profiler to the runtime.  The command will keep the connection open while the profiler is being attached and then response with a message containing an `HRESULT` indicating success or failure.

Reviewer: Typo: response instead of respond

In the event of an [error](#Errors), the runtime will attempt to send an error message and subsequently close the connection.

#### Inputs:

Header: `{ Magic; Size; 0x0301; 0x0000 }`

* `uint32 attachTimeout`: The timeout for attaching to the profiler (in milliseconds)
* `CLSID profilerGuid`: The GUID associated with the profiler
* `string profilerPath`: Location of the profiler
* `array<byte> clientData`: The data being provided to the profiler

Where a `CLSID` is a fixed size struct consisting of:
* `uint x`
* `byte s1`
* `byte s2`
* `byte[8] c`

#### Returns (as an IPC Message Payload):

Header: `{ Magic; 28; 0xFF00; 0x0000; }`

`AttachProfiler` returns:

> * `int32 hresult`: The result of creating the core dump (`0` indicates success)

Reviewer 2: You mean result of attaching the profiler?

Author: ```suggestion
* `int32 hresult`: The result of attaching the profiler (`0` indicates success)
```
